Yi Yang
first meeting
Let me Xuanyin Sect
Lost a once-in-a-century genius
I really didn't pay attention to my Xuanyingzong
Hey, the genius in your mouth
malevolent
Insolent attitude
I'm just doing it for you
Take this you um
You are crazy. The person opposite is the saint of Xuanying Sect
Even the saint dares to offend
You don't want to leave alive
We Tianzong can't bear his anger at all
Really?
He is so confident
It's got to be something.
It seems that the deity guessed correctly
This son is the true inheritance of heaven and earth
Delay more, Lin Yang
You'll have to pay more attention to manners later
The wrath of the Holy One spilled blood
No one can save your life then
I don't know
I didn't expect Tianzong to decline for so many years
Out of your flyover
I admit it.
This time, Xuanyin Sect is indeed lower than Tianzong
You refund everyone
Is there anything you want to ask me to leave me alone?
Let me start with something.
My asking price is very high.
And the height?
Is it not high enough to be the son-in-law of my Xuanying Sect?
I said I'm not interested in the Virgin
But I want a weapon from the Immortal Pavilion
What do you actually know about the Immortal Pavilion?
I once read an ancient scroll
It records the situation of the Immortal Pavilion
Immortal Pavilion is just that kid Ye Chen
The laser map used to hide treasure back then
And the ancestors of Xuanying Sect
He was just Ye Chen's remnant disciple back then
So you can open the grid.
I can try, but if I open it
I want a fairy grass inside
Hateful Mandala Flower
Mandala flower new products sincerely invite to heal Xiaobai's life
One mandala flower should be enough
But how?
reluctant to let go hahaha
As long as you can open the Immortal Pavilion
Falling flowers is your good
It's a deal.
Tomorrow I will send someone to bring the Immortal Pavilion
Come back then.
Since that kid is a descendant of heaven and earth
Then shall we
It should not be killed as quickly as possible
Not don't kill
It's just that he's still useful to me
You go down and get ready
If he can't open the Immortal Pavilion tomorrow
kill